JP-3673: Update background-subtraction intermediate products for WFSS (#9772)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/9772.background.rst

> Added status FAILED and set scaling factor to 0.0 in such a case. Save the bkgd mask in any case for WFSS.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:
```suggestion
For WFSS, when the step exits early, the status will be set to FAILED instead of SKIPPED. In this case, the scaling factor is set to 0.0 and the background mask is saved to the output.
```
